Add a clarification about sdk upload classifiers (#520)
demisto/demisto-sdk: demisto_sdk/commands/upload/README.md

- Layouts
- Classifiers

> #### Notes
> Upload classifiers works on Cortex XSOAR from version 6.0.0 and up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Limitation:
Uploading classifiers work on Cortex XSOAR from version 6.0.0 and up.
```

Author: done
